### 正文

'Ketamine Queen' accused of selling fatal dose to Matthew Perry agrees to plead guilty

A woman known as the "Ketamine Queen", charged with selling Matthew Perry the drug that killed him, agreed to plead guilty Monday. Jasveen Sangha becomes the fifth and final defendant charged in the overdose death of the "Friends" satrt to strike a plea agreement with federal prosecutors, avoiding a trial that had been planned for September.

She agreed in a signed statement filed in court to plead guilty to five federal criminal charges, including providing the ketamine that lead to Perry's death. In a brief statement, Sangha's lawyer Mark Geragos said only, "She's taking responsibility for her actions".

Prosectors had cast Sangha, a 42-year-old citizen of the U.S. and the U.K., as a prolific drug dealer who was known to her customers as the "Ketamine Queen", using the term often in press releases and court documents.

She agreed to plead guilty to one count of maintaining a drug-involved premises, three counts of distribution of ketamine, and one count of distribution of ketamine resulting in death or serious bodily injury. The final plea deal came a year after federal prosecutors announced that five people had been charged in Perry's Oct. 28, 2023 death after a sweeping investigation.


### 笔记

- agrees 同意
- plead guilty 认罪
- charged with 承担，被指控
- drug 毒品
- defendant 被告
- overdose 药物过量
- strike a plea agreement 达成认罪协议
- federal 联邦的
- prosecutor 检察官
- trial 审判
- cast 使人怀疑，投射
- prolific 多产的
- premise 场所
- sweeping 范围大的，全面的
- investigation 审查